and as we are continuing to watch those
protests they're taking place in Lebanon
against
Israel Hezbollah called for largescale
demonstrations on Wednesday and what
it's calling a day of unprecedented rage
in Beirut angry protests taking place
outside the US Embassy authorities have
used water cannon and fired tear gas to
try and disperse crowds Zen has this
update from
Beirut well we are in the southern
suburbs of Beirut the stronghold of
Hezbollah it has called for this protest
to condemn what it is calling the
massacres against the Palestinian people
uh this is a solidarity rally this is
the that there's message of solidarity
with the people of of Gaza there's also
a message really from Hezbollah that it
is their duty to stand by the people of
Gaza and in the words of one of its top
uh officials Gaza will not fall now is
that hezbollah's red line is that the
Quee when Hezbollah will decide to enter
and join this battle with its full
military capabilities when it feels that
Hamas an ally can no longer uh resist
the Israeli attack he did not make it
clear in so many words but he did say
over and over Gaza will not fall so of
course there is strategic uh interest
for Hezbollah heah Hamas they're all
part of the Iranian back so-called AIS
of resistance if you talk to officials
who are close to the group they will
tell you that this has become an
existential fight either Israel will
remain or the axis of resistance will
remain Hezbollah has been engaged has
been trading fire with Israel along the
border uh for the past week or so now TR
tring fire almost at a daily basis but
the conflict along the border is largely
confined in scope and targets uh each
side just targeting uh military
positions and the area of conflict is
really approximately 4 kilomet uh from
the border a radius of 4 kilometers but
the biggest question really in Lebanon
is what will come next when will
Hezbollah intervene and help Hamas there
has been calls from day one from Hamas
for other groups to take part in this
battle so today the words from a top
hasbalah official Gaza will not
fall